Updates to Aviate docs (#629)
killbill/killbill-docs: userguide/aviate/what_is_aviate.adoc

== Aviate Plugin
For Beta customers, we offer the *Aviate plugin*. This plugin extends Kill Bill with additional endpoints specifically for the Beta phase, allowing early access to some of Aviate's backend features. These endpoints are detailed in the *Aviate section* below.

> NOTE: The plugin is available only on Flock plan and higher. For all other users OR for testing and trial purposes, Sandbox deployment with the plugin installed ( and the data ) is enabled by default. There is no specific downloadable trial. The user needs to subscribe to the Flock plan ( OR higher ) to deploy the plugin in their environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Only users on the Flock plan and higher can download and install the plugin. Free/Entourage users can use the plugin in their sandbox deployment; however, they cannot download the plugin in their local environment.
```
